
# Todofood

Todo (means "all" in Spanish, so you can consider as "AllFood")

This single page website for a company that has a unique platform for anyone looking for a convenient and personalized food subscription service generated by AI. The website has a sleek and modern design that makes it easy for customers to navigate through the sections.

- The feature in section gives an insight of trustable organizations work with.
- How it works section showcases how the app works on a mobile design.
- Some meals section shows range of example meal options, giving customers an idea of dishes they can expect to receive. 
- Testimonials sections, providing social proof of satisfied customers.
- Pricing sections gives 2 possible subscription options to choose.
- Features of company section highlights the unique aspects of the company.
- Subscription section makes it easy for customers to sign up and begin receiving personalized meals right away.
## Authors

- [@ItsMrDav](https://www.github.com/ItsMrDav)


## Deployment


[Todofood Link](https://todofood.netlify.app/)
## Tech Stack

**Client:** HTML, Vanilla CSS, Vanilla JavaScript




## Acknowledgements

 It's a demonstrative project, tried to experience:

 - Single landing page
 - Cross platform responsive with covering most devices screen
 - Fluit layouts, responsive images, responsive units
 - Used various image functions on visual elements
 - Functional form section that receive messages from users
 - Used external icon service
